I kneel
You can't afford it
Hahahahahaha
Look around the city today
Who dares not to enter the Five Divine Platforms?
Who dares not to kneel in my palm 70
Broken today that bastard
Recruit me to the Xiao family
Messed up to such a first step
Even touch the pentagram
It seems that the small family is approaching
I'll tell you again.
Even the Martial King who has determined the world
Or the martial artist who shook the mountains and rivers
Luo Zhan will kneel when he sees me
Now do you think you can stand my kneeling?
How to hold a man's hand
Is this the mission of the Valkyrie Platform?
Body traps soar
This horse is a terrifying fighting machine
Just grab the cash
He can take the enemy and kill them again
Changjing and adults should not be angry
Since today's event
It was caused by my Xiao family's martial arts competition
Please give me another chance
I would like the rider to settle this matter.
Five people in the future
personally
Apologize for you
Where
Please meet Wu Chen
What Wu Chen sees
The first sword in the world